---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "shadeform_instance Resource - terraform-provider-shadeform"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Shadeform instance.
---

# shadeform_instance (Resource)

Manages a Shadeform instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    shadeform = {
      source = "shadeform/shadeform"
    }
  }
}

provider "shadeform" {
  api_key = "YOUR_API_KEY"
}

resource "shadeform_instance" "test-instance" {
  cloud              = "scaleway"
  region             = "paris-france-1"
  shade_instance_type = "H100"
  name               = "terraform-test-instance"
} 
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud` (String) The cloud provider.
- `name` (String) The name of the instance.
- `region` (String) The region where the instance will be deployed.
- `shade_instance_type` (String) The Shadeform standardized instance type.

### Optional

- `os` (String) The operating system of the instance.
- `template_id` (String) The ID of the template to use for this instance.
- `volume_ids` (List of String) List of volume IDs to be mounted. Currently only supports 1 volume at a time.
- `shade_cloud` (Boolean) Whether to use Shade Cloud or linked cloud account. This defaults to true.
- `ssh_key_id` (String) The ID of the SSH key to use for this instance.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the instance.
- `cloud_instance_type` (String) The type of the instance in the cloud provider.
- `cloud_assigned_id` (String) The ID of the instance in the cloud provider.
- `ip` (String) The IP address of the instance.
- `ssh_user` (String) The user to use for SSH access to the instance.
- `ssh_port` (Number) The port to use for SSH access to the instance.
- `status` (String) The status of the instance.
- `cost_estimate` (String) The cost estimate so far for the instance.
- `hourly_price` (String) The hourly price of the instance.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time the instance was created.
